# Terms of Service

Terms Of Service Last Updated: April 22, 2020

Stichting ZK Sync, the foundation registered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, under RSIN: 861038204 ("zkSync", “we,” “our,” or
“us”) provides its services through its website located at under zksync.io, zkscan.io and their subdomains. Before using
our Services, please read the Terms of Service (the “Terms” or the “Agreement”) carefully, along with any other policies
or notices on zkSync website, and our [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy). Together, these materials contain terms, rules,
and guidelines related to your use of zkSync.

## OVERVIEW

We know that Terms can be long and confusing, so we will do our best to keep things as clear and concise as possible.
This section provides a brief summary of the highlights of this Agreement. Please note that when you accept this
Agreement, you are accepting all of the terms and conditions and not just this section. zkSync provides self-hosted
wallet services for Ethereum-based blockchains. By using our API services, or visiting our website, you are agreeing to
our Terms, so please read carefully. These terms outline approved uses of zkSync, various licenses that we grant to you,
and licenses that you grant us. If you have any questions or comments related to this Agreement, please send us a
message on our website at questions@zksync.io. If you do not agree to this Agreement or any modifications to this
Agreement, you should not use our Services.

## HOW YOU ACCEPT THIS POLICY

By creating or importing a locally hosted wallet (a “Wallet”), or visiting our website, you acknowledge that you have
read, understood, and agreed to these Terms, as well as the accompanying [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy) We reserve the
right to change these Terms at any time. Any such changes with respect to your use of zkSync will take effect
immediately when posted on our website. Your continued use of zkSync following any such change will signify your
acceptance to be bound by the then current Terms. Please check the effective date above to determine if there have been
any changes since you have last reviewed these Terms. If you do not agree to this Agreement or any modifications to this
Agreement, you should not use zkSync. Failure or delay by zkSync in enforcing or partially enforcing any provision of
these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights.

## ELIGIBILITY

To be eligible to use zkSync, you must be at least eighteen (18) years old and be able to form legally binding
contracts. If you are using our Services on behalf of a legal entity, you further represent and warrant that: (a) the
legal entity is duly organized and validly existing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization;
and (b) you are duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf. You can only use our Services if permitted
under the laws of your jurisdiction. Please make sure that these Terms are in compliance with all laws, rules, and
regulations that apply to you. By using zkSync, you represent and warrant that you meet all eligibility requirements
that we outline in these Terms. We may still refuse to let certain people access or use zkSync, however, and we reserve
the right to change our eligibility criteria at any time.

## THE BLOCKCHAIN SERVICES

zkSync is software that (a) generates private keys that you may use to send and receive Ethereum and related
cryptographically secured tokens (the “Virtual Currency”) following zkSync protocol; (b) facilitates the submission of
Virtual Currency transaction data to Ethereum-based blockchains (the “Ethereum Networks”) without requiring you to
download or install the associated Ethereum-based software to your local device; and (c) computational services of
generating blocks following zkSync protocol. The private key is derived from a message signed by external Ethereum
Wallet and can be used to authorize the transfer of Virtual Currency to and from that Wallet address. You are solely
responsible for maintaining the security of your private key and any mnemonic (backup) phrase associated with your
Wallet. You must never send messages signed with your Wallet associated with an address used with zkSync to any
unauthorized party. You must keep your Wallet address, mnemonic (backup) phrase, and private key access information
secure. Failure to do so may result in the loss of control of Virtual Currency associated with the Wallet. zkSync Cannot
Assist With Password Retrieval. zkSync stores your Wallet address but does not receive or store your Wallet password,
encrypted private key, unencrypted private key, or mnemonic (backup) phrase associated with your Wallet. We cannot,
therefore, assist you with Wallet password retrieval. We cannot generate a new password for your Wallet if you fail to
remember your original password. If you have not safely stored a backup of any Wallet address and private key pairs
maintained in your Wallet, you accept and acknowledge that any Virtual Currency you have associated with such a Wallet
address will become inaccessible if you do not have your Wallet password. Virtual Currency Transactions. In order to be
completed, all proposed Virtual Currency transactions must be confirmed and recorded in the Virtual Currency’s
associated public blockchain. Such networks are decentralized, peer-to-peer networks supported by independent third
parties, which we do not own, control, or operate. We have no control over the Ethereum Networks and, therefore, cannot
and do not ensure that any transaction details that you submit via our Services will be confirmed and processed. By
using zkSync, you acknowledge and agree that the transaction details you submit may not be completed, or may be
substantially delayed, by the Ethereum Networks. zkSync Does Not Store or Transmit Virtual Currency. We do not store,
send, or receive Virtual Currency. Any transfer that occurs in any Virtual Currency occurs on the Ethereum-based
blockchains and not on a network owned by us. We therefore do not guarantee that zkSync can affect the transfer of title
or right in any Virtual Currency. Accuracy of Information Provided by User. You represent and warrant that any
information you provide via the Services is accurate and complete. You accept and acknowledge that we are not
responsible for any errors or omissions that you make in connection with any Virtual Currency transaction initiated via
the Services. We strongly encourage you to review your transaction details carefully before attempting to transfer a
Virtual Currency.

## WALLET REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION

You must create a zkSync Wallet by connecting an existing Ethereum Wallet. When you create a Wallet, you will be
assigned a private key. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private key, and will be
fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any
unauthorized use of your password, account, or any other breach of security. We will not be liable for any loss or
damage arising from your failure to comply with this paragraph. When you create a Wallet, you are strongly advised to
take precautions in order to avoid loss of access to and/or control over your Wallet. Suggested measures include, but
are not limited to, the following: (a) creating a strong password that you do not use for any other website or online
service; (b) using the backup functionality provided by the Wallet or safeguard your private key and mnemonic (backup)
phrase on an external hard drive which, all users, especially users who have more than \$100,000 USD in assets, are
encouraged to do even if they are utilizing the Services’ backup functionality; (c) maintaining the security of your
Wallet by protecting the private key and mnemonic (backup) phrase associated with your Wallet by, for example, limiting
access to your computer and your Wallet; and (d) promptly notifying us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security
breaches related to your Wallet. Payment and Fees. zkSync charges transaction fees for use of its Services. Any
applicable fees will be displayed prior to you using any service to which a fee applies. Transactions. Once transaction
details have been submitted via the Services, we cannot assist you to cancel or otherwise modify your transaction.
zkSync has no control over any Ethereum-based blockchain and does not have the ability to facilitate any cancellation or
modification requests. You must ensure that you have an adequate balance in your Wallet and/or gas to complete
transactions before initiating a transaction. You acknowledge and agree that we will not be liable for any failed
transactions due to insufficient funds or gas associated with your zkSync account. Taxes. It is your responsibility to
determine what, if any, taxes apply to the transactions that you have submitted transaction details for via the
Services, and it is your responsibility to report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. You agree
that we are not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your Ethereum-based transactions or for collecting,
reporting, withholding, or remitting any taxes arising from any Virtual Currency-related transactions.

## THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND CONTENT

In no event shall a description or reference to a third party’s product or service (including, but not limited to,
providing a description or reference via hyperlink) be construed as an endorsement or promotion of such third party
products or services by us. We retain the exclusive right to add to, modify, or cancel the availability of any Third
Party Service. You may agree to receive push notifications from Third Party Content providers. In order to receive push
notifications, you must opt in to the service. Push notifications will not be automatically enabled on your device for
Third Party Content. We do not control, endorse, or adopt any Third Party Content shared through push notifications, and
will have no responsibility for Third Party Content including, but not limited to, token availability and/or sales. If,
to the extent permitted by zkSync, you grant express permission to a third party to access or connect to your zkSync
account, either through the third party’s product or service or through zkSync, you acknowledge that granting permission
to a third party to take specific actions on your behalf does not relieve you of any of your responsibilities under this
Agreement. You are fully responsible for all acts or omissions of any third party with access to your zkSync account.

## YOUR USE OF zkSync

As a user of the Services, we grant you a limited, personal, non-commercial, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and
revocable license to use zkSync. When using our Services, we ask that you follow some basic rules: Don’t Use Our
Services to Break the Law. You agree that you will not violate any laws when using our Services. This includes any
local, provincial, state, federal, national, or international laws that may apply to you. You agree that you will not
use our Services to pay for, support, or otherwise engage in any illegal activities including, but not limited to,
illegal gambling, fraud, money laundering, or terrorist activities. If we discover that you have violated this Agreement
or other regulatory requirements including, but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, by participating in money
laundering or by financing terrorist activities, we will take proportional disciplinary action. You further agree not to
encourage or induce any third party to engage in any of the activities prohibited under this Section. Don’t Interfere
With Other’s Use of the Services. You agree that you will not use or attempt to use another user’s Wallet without
authorization or use our Services in any manner that could interfere, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users
from fully enjoying it. Don’t Try to Harm Our System. You agree not to distribute any virus or other harmful computer
code through zkSync. You also agree to not take any action that may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large
load on our or any of our third party providers’ infrastructure. Don’t Attempt to Circumvent Our Security. You agree not
to bypass, circumvent, or attempt to bypass or circumvent any measures that we may use to prevent or restrict access to
the Services including, without limitation, other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the Services. Any
use of zkSync other than as specifically authorized in this Agreement, without our prior written permission, is strictly
prohibited and will terminate your license to use zkSync.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

You understand and agree that we have no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: Failures, disruptions,
errors, or delays in processing Virtual Currency that you may experience while using the Services; The risk of failure
of hardware, software, and Internet connections; The risk of malicious software being introduced or found in the
software underlying zkSync; The risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access to information stored within your
Wallet, including, but not limited to your Wallet address, private key, and mnemonic (backup) phrase; and The risk of
unknown vulnerabilities in or unanticipated changes to the Ethereum Networks. You release us from all liability related
to any losses, damages, or claims arising from: (a) user error such as forgotten passwords, incorrectly constructed
transactions, or mistyped Virtual Currency addresses; (b) server failure or data loss; (c) unauthorized access to the
zkSync application; (d) bugs or other errors in the zkSync software; and (e) any unauthorized third party activities,
including, but not limited to, the use of viruses, phishing, brute forcing, or other means of attack against zkSync. We
make no representations concerning any Third Party Content contained in or accessed through our Services. Any other
terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such content, are solely between you and such
organizations and/or individuals.

## Limitation of Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR ANY OF OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, SERVANTS, COUNSEL, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, LAWYERS, AND OTHER PERSONNEL AUTHORIZED TO ACT,
ACTING, OR PURPORTING TO ACT ON OUR BEHALF (COLLECTIVELY THE “DApps Platform PARTIES”) BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER CONTRACT,
TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR: (A) ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST
OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM: (I) YOUR USE OF, OR CONDUCT IN CONNECTION WITH, OUR
SERVICES; (II) ANY UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR WALLET ADDRESS AND/OR PRIVATE KEY DUE TO YOUR FAILURE TO MAINTAIN THE
CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR WALLET; (III) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES; OR (IV) ANY
BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT ARE FOUND IN THE zkSync SOFTWARE OR THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH
OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), OR (B) ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN
THE AGGREGATE) OF THE GREATER OF: (I) FEES PAID TO US FOR THE APPLICABLE PRODUCTS; OR (II) \$100.00. THESE LIMITATIONS
APPLY REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER BASED ON TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR
ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.

## Warranty Disclaimer

zkSync IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE SERVICES AND UNDERLYING SOFTWARE OR ANY CONTENT ON
THE SERVICES, WHETHER PROVIDED OR OWNED BY US OR BY ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, AND ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE IN TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMED. IN ADDITION, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT ACCESSIBLE VIA THE SERVICES IS ACCURATE,
COMPLETE, AVAILABLE, CURRENT, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS PARAGRAPH GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY
FROM STATE TO STATE.

## INDEMNITY

To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless DApps Platform Parties from
and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including, but
not limited to, attorney’s fees) arising from: (a) your use of and access to the Services; (b) any feedback or
submissions you provide to us concerning zkSync; (c) your violation of any term of this Agreement; or (d) your violation
of any law, rule, or regulation, or the rights of any third party.

## TIME LIMITATION ON CLAIMS

You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your relationship with us must be filed within one
year after such claim arises, otherwise, your claim in permanently barred.

## GOVERNING LAW

No matter where you’re located, the laws of the Kingdom of Netherlands will govern these Terms and the parties’
relationship as if you signed these Terms in Netherlands. If any provisions of these Terms are inconsistent with any
applicable law, those provisions will be superseded or modified only to the extent such provisions are inconsistent. The
parties agree to submit to the courts in Amsterdam, Netherlands for exclusive jurisdiction of any dispute arising out of
or related to your use of the Services or your breach of these Terms. You waive any objection based on lack of personal
jurisdiction, place of residence, improper venue, or forum non conveniens in any such action.

## NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS

If you are a user accessing or using our Services from a region with laws or regulations governing personal data
collection, use, and disclosure that differ from EU laws, please be advised that we do not collect or process your
personal data, except as provided for in our Privacy Policy.

## TERMINATION

In the event of termination concerning your license to use zkSync, your obligations under this Agreement will still
continue. Your access to the funds in your Wallet after termination will depend on your access to your backup of your
Wallet address and private key.

## DISCONTINUANCE OF SERVICES

We may, in our sole discretion and without cost to you, with or without prior notice, and at any time, modify or
discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any portion of our Services. You are solely responsible for storing outside of
the Services a backup of any Wallet address and private key pair that you maintain in your Wallet. Maintaining an
external backup of any Wallet address and private key pairs associated with your Wallet will allow you to access the
Ethereum Networks upon which your Wallet is secured. Such a backup will allow the user to fully restore their Wallet at
any time without cost or loss of the user’s Virtual Currency. If you do not maintain a backup of your Wallet data
outside of the Services, you will be not be able to access the Virtual Currency associated with your Wallet. zkSync
shall not be held responsible or liable for any loss of Virtual Currency in the event that we discontinue or depreciate
the Services.

## NO WAIVER

Our failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement shall not operate as
a waiver; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power, or privilege preclude any other or further
exercise thereof.

## SEVERABILITY

If it turns out that any part of this Agreement is invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term will be
deemed severable and limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary. The limitation or elimination of the term
will not affect any other terms. ARBITRATION & WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION The parties agree to arbitrate any dispute arising
from this Agreement or your use of the Services on an individual basis. ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR
FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY. The parties agree that: (a) any arbitration
will occur in San Francisco, California; and (b) the arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator
in accordance with the rules of American Arbitration Association for arbitration of consumer-related disputes, in the
English language, and with limited discovery. At your request, hearings may be conducted in person or by telephone and
the arbitrator may provide for submitting and determining motions on briefs, without oral hearings. Other than class
procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be
available to a court or other tribunal. THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE THESE TERMS SHALL BE
ENTITLED TO COSTS AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. THE ARBITRAL DECISION MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY COURT. WHETHER THE DISPUTE IS HEARD
IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT, YOU AND zkSync WILL NOT COMMENCE AGAINST THE OTHER A CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION, OR
REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

## FORCE MAJEURE

We shall not be held liable for any delays, failure in performance, or interruptions of service which result directly or
indirectly from any cause or condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to: any delay or failure
due to any act of God, act of civil or military authorities, act of terrorism, civil disturbance, war, strike or other
labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider services, failure of
equipment and/or software, other catastrophe, or any other occurrence which is beyond our reasonable control and shall
not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

## ASSIGNMENT

You agree that we may assign any of our rights and/or transfer, sub-contract, or delegate any of our obligations under
these Terms. Your agreement to these Terms is personal to you and you may not transfer or assign it to any third party.

## ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and
all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings of any kind (including, without limitation, any prior versions of
this Agreement) and every nature between us. Except as provided for above, any modification to this Agreement must be in
writing and must be signed by both parties.

## QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS

We welcome comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions. Please send us a message on our contact page at
questions@zksync.io.
